fight planned for West Ham's Upton Park
on the 14th of July against none other
than David hey mr. Cholewa thank you for
joining us on Sky News this afternoon
why we decided to fight again all right
because the public say they want to
watch this fight so we decide to give
the public or the wrong what they want
to watch John does from my colleague is
with me as well and I know he's got one
or two questions for you I'm sure you're
happy with that Derek it's going to be a
big night again yeah hey yeah it's gonna
be a big night you know week it's going
to be on box box nation you know I can't
wait to fight this guy and knock him out
but there's a lot of people worried that
it's actually happening in the first
place bearing in mind what happened the
last time the pair of you got together I
know this bunch of kids in a playground
you know just trying to be bullies by
now we probably passed that now we
signed a contract and now we just have
to fight in the ring pictures of you
Derek while we're chatting to you and
there's a fence spot between you during
the news conference what was a lot about
pattern what are you saying I said
there's a fence between you during the
news conference a little bit earlier on
was that necessary oh yeah you know you
know you know David Haye talks a lot and
I don't like people talk a lot what
might have happened if the fence hadn't
been there I certainly can I was just
asking you what may have happened if the
fence hadn't been there the pub we could
have a fence in the ring as well Derek
when are you gonna get your license back
from the British Board of boxing control
I know Frank your managers manage to do
this by Luxembourg who have the right
pieces of paper and authority but
presumably you need you need to have
British they're backing eventually for
your career don't you you no matter what
license you get you know as long as you
can walk that's fine you know when the
when the board decided to give me my
license they're gonna write a letter say
you know what mister you saw you can
come back and have your life
is that likely to happen oh yeah
based on what Derrick because it doesn't
look as though they want to give you
your license back at the moment this is
your opportunity you're on live
television what would you say to them
you know you know in life sometimes you
have to you make mistakes and you know
the first thing I want to apologize here
to all the public out there was what
happened in Munich you know me
threatened to kill David you know I
never owned a gun and I never will and I
want to apologize those were the words
came out of my mouth but it really
meaning it to heart and and I do
apologize for that and if the board are
listening I want my license back
directly the British public I know would
like another boxing hero another Henry
Cooper another Frank Bruno another
Lennox Lewis I used the right man to
join that list you know what I fight
when I lose I don't blame you on my toe
I don't blame you on any any injuries I
got out I say no what a great man won
today and I'll be back you know and
David Haye when he fights he blames the
oh no I lost because of days this
happened you know I'll let the British
public decide I'm not gonna say I'm
gonna be the man but I'll let them
decide themselves but you know what
Derek we've spoken to David Haye a
couple of times and he says that
basically you're just punching above
your weight and you're not up to this
fight y'all hurry up before from David
David is all talk he's mighty reminds me
of a dog I got his name is Milo it parks
a lot by hasn't only teeth in his mouth
what happens after the fight at West Ham
Derek if you win that what's the future
hold for you what happens I mean David
Reagan enough for dinner and party
that's not gonna happen isn't it but is
there some sort of title involved with
this fight or are you doing it just for
the purse Derek no this is pride how
much is that worth
and what's your job worth to you quite a
lot actually especially as my bank
manager thinks it is what about yours my
accountant is excited my bank manager is
excited as well but how important is it
to you to try and get your license back
here in the UK so you don't have to go
through the back door you don't have to
get on the back it's very important I
would love to get my license back you
know and I think in the future I'm gonna
definitely get my license back
well the fight is what the 14th of July
middle of July was she the very best
give our best regards to David hey Derek
cuz he told us he was off to American
retire Yeah right
you know everybody always say they
retired and for them to get a big person
and I think this time he's got a big
personality it's come my retirement at a
final thought box nation what do you say
to those people who say that you brought
boxing into disrepute after what
happened in Germany oh you don't want to
know what I think about those people oh
I do it's gonna say no well mother talk
to them no you don't want to know yeah I
do
Julian's box nation and you'll find now
good answer thanks for taking the time
to talk to us we really appreciate it
thank you thank you Frank when I scored
him well you know there are allegations
that he's brought the game into dist